docs(geo): update existing resource flow (#3468)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/geo/fragments/js/existing-resources.md

  },
})
```

> Now you can proceed to [displaying a map](~/lib/geo/maps.md) or [setting up search](~/lib/geo/search.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can proceed to [displaying a map](~/lib/geo/maps.md) or [adding location search](~/lib/geo/search.md) to your app.
```
